---------- Permission nodes for AutoGamemode ----------
autogamemode.login.survival - Every time a player logs in and has got that permission, the plugin checks, whether he is in the creative mode and in that case he will be changed to survival mode!
autogamemode.login.creative - Every time a player logs in and has got that permission, the plugin checks, whether he is in the survival mode and in that case he will be changed to creative mode!
autogamemode.info - Players with the permission are allowed to use "/AutoGamemode", "/AutoGamemode me", "/AutoGamemode help", "/AutoGamemode ?" and "/AutoGamemode version"!
autogamemode.changeall.creative - Players with the permission are allowed to change the gamemode of every player who is online to creative (with "/all creative")!
autogamemode.changeall.survival - Players with the permission are allowed to change the gamemode of every player who is online to survival (with "/all survival")!
autogamemode.changeall.switch - Players with the permission are allowed to switch the gamemode of every player who is online with "/all gm"!
autogamemode.changeall.ignore - Players with the permission will be ignored by the "/all" commands!
autogamemode.changeall.check - Allows to check the gamemode of every player who is online.
autogamemode.command.creative - Players with the permission are allowed to use /creative
autogamemode.command.survival - Players with the permission are allowed to use /survival
autogamemode.command.switch - Players with the permission are allowed to use /switch
autogamemode.inform - Players with the permission get a message, every time someone's gamemode changes ...
autogamemode.command.check - Players with the permission are allowed to use /checkgm
autogamemode.changeworld.survival - Every time a player changes its world and has got that permission, the plugin checks, whether he is in the creative mode and in that case he will be changed to survival mode!
autogamemode.changeworld.creative - Every time a player changes its world and has got that permission, the plugin checks, whether he is in the survival mode and in that case he will be changed to creative mode!
autogamemode.changeothers.creative - Players with the permission are allowed to change the gamemode of gamemode of other players to creative with /creative PlayerABC PlayerXYZ (max 15. Players)!
autogamemode.changeothers.survival - Players with the permission are allowed to change the gamemode of other players to survival with /survival PlayerABC PlayerXYZ (max 15. Players)!
autogamemode.changeothers.switch - Players with the permission are allowed to switch the gamemode of other players with /switch PlayerABC PlayerXYZ (max 15. Players)!
autogamemode.changeothers.check - Players with the permission are allowed to check the gamemode of other players with /check PlayerABC PlayerXYZ (max 15. Players)!
autogamemode.respawn.survival - Every time a player respawns and has got that permission, the plugin checks, whether he is in the creative mode and in that case he will be changed to survival mode!
autogamemode.respawn.creative - Every time a player respawns and has got that permission, the plugin checks, whether he is in the survival mode and in that case he will be changed to creative mode!
autogamemode.auto.getmessage - Players with this permission get a message, every time AutoGamemode automatically changes their gamemode!
autogamemode.auto.gettrigger - Players with this permission will be informed about the trigger, every time AutoGamemode automatically changes their gamemode (getMessage must be true)!
autogamemode.commands.getmessage - Players with this permission get a message, every time someone changes or checks their gamemode!